With yourChart you can turn your paper charting and filing system into and online system.  
This will allow older charting systems to become all online and allow many new advantages.
yourChart helps you to organize your charts into a single program that can bill and store all client interactions.  Ultimately, this will lead to increased compliance to nationwide charting standards, more flexibility in accessing and completing documentation, and tools to increase productivity and decrease wasted time.  It will allow greater flexibility for users as they can access their charts outside of the office and document events in real time.  Supervisors are able to have a central, remote location for the charts so that they can easily access and review them.  

If you use yourChart then you can increase productivity among your staff, as yourChart tracks trends and analyzes kept, no-show, and cancelled visits.  This will lead to better time management for staff as they will know the percentage of kept visits when looking at their calendar.  You'll like yourChart because you can easily maneuver through the program and find what you need.  It is very user friendly and offers a ver direct approach to what a user would want to do.  yourChart is similar to other online charting programs, but offers a new predictive calendar to decrease lost time and an analysis component where you can look at characteristics and how they correlate with kept and missed visits.  

There are two dashboards for users in yourChart.  There is a dashboard for supervisors that allows them to see all employee's charts, predictive calendars, new client information, and the ability to create a new employee profile.  The employee dashboard allows the employee to easily document any contacts with clients, review and edit past contacts, look at their own calendars, and analyze their own data to potentially increase productivity.  
